so this is what a nail bar spinach
sprout looks like then it gets bigger
and then bigger so if anybody's looking
what it looks like this is what it looks
like and as it gets bigger and it grow
their produce pretty big leaves this is
the second set of leaves I already ate
the first ones and then as it goes to
balloon this is this is actually the
balloon let me see if I can zoom into it
real close to get y'all better look this
is what the blooms look like let me try
to find another spot that has more right
here this if I can get a good shot of
this it's kind of spotty out here today
so this is what the blooms look like my
mother bulbs are where it's been
pollinated it actually don't have a
flower that's I guess what the flower
looks like is these small one dry here
in the center let me give it to focus
its these actually small ones and then
they'll swell up as these bigger ones
like this and then as they ripen as a
seed they'll turn black blackish purple
as you can see with these right here and
one above its not dying and the one
below it is done and that's when you can
collect seeds there's actually a lot of
seeds on this yeah it kind of looks like
it has lobes like it would be more than
one seed but it's not there's actually
just one seed in there see how it has
lobes but there's one seed in the center
when it turns that darker color they're
done and you can harvest and there's a
good example right there
so you have the top ones that are just
now coming out and then you have the
ones right underneath it that are
actually pollinated and then the ones
that aren't done and you can pick them
it's kind of like a small berry it's
like a like a berry really has a thick
skin and then the seeds in the middle
its kind of gushy and it a stain your
hands if you touch it so wear gloves if
you want but yet actually produces a lot
of seeds the
but it actually goes pretty pretty big
this is a purple Malabar spinach and
then here is green Malabar spinach which
this one hasn't started flowering
anything see how big the normal leaves
are I mean they're just they get huge I
mean that's good food right there I'm
actually letting these go to seed and
then some more down here sprouted these
are the true leaves the first ones that
come out they get really really big
these are just growing in small
containers so this stuff grows very very
easy and it's actually one that I'm
going to be adding to the list every
year now so I'll help this help somebody
in some way and if y'all enjoyed it hit
the like button if it's something you
didn't never know I hit the light button
all right talk to you later